Right. Like, like you, you have, you have a government, let's say, you know,
if you want to be a florist by a lot of these states, they have licenses.
You have to get a license to, to, to sell flowers. Why,
why can't I just buy flowers from whoever I want? I mean,
what's the worst thing that can happen to me.
I buy flowers from a guy that doesn't know what he's doing.
I get a lousy arrangement. And so I don't go back.
He does the government have to protect me from getting a bad floral arrangement.
Well, look, the free market sorted out. If a guy's no good.
He won't have any customers, but we make it a lot harder.
There's all kinds of regulations and rules and permits.
Just let people go into business. You know, I mean,
poor people can start businesses if we didn't make it so expensive and so hard.
And if they can furnish Loris in the marketplace,
if they can find customers then great. If they're no good at what they do,
they're not going to have any customers.
Do you feel like this applies to everything?
This applies to all businesses all the time?
I mean, pretty much. I mean, we don't need government, you know,
having these certifications, I mean the private sector is certainly capable.
At this point. We look,
is it consideration social media and holding people accountable,
like holding businesses, accountable for their actions.
And like it's a different world in terms of like the ability to like
alert consumers as to what's good. And what's bad.
It's a different world when it comes to that kind of thing. But.
People, especially now with the internet, I mean, if a business isn't any good,
I mean, it's going to get a bad reputation online. I mean,
you're going to have consumer reports that go out and rate look,
look at what happens. Like look at the banks, right?
The banks are completely regulated by the government, right?
Everybody who opens up a bank account knows that the government is
guaranteeing their deposit.
That wasn't always the case that the deposit insurance didn't start until the
1930s because of the bank failures in the great depression, which were minimal.
I mean, fewer than 2% of the banks actually failed.
There wasn't that much in the way.
And we had a lot of banks way more banks than we have now.
Now we just have these massive banks before the government got involved.
We had a very, very competitive market.
We have lots of little banks out there taking deposits,
making loans to entrepreneurs, to start businesses and employ people, not,
you know, funding wall street, but once you.
The savings and loans collapse, for sure you do right.
Yeah, but that was, but those banks had government guarantees,
but that was the problem. That was the problem of the government,
right before the government guaranteed banks,
before you would put your money in a bank, you would do a little research,
just like you do research. Now, before you buy a car, you,
you try to figure out which is the best bang for my money,
which bank is the safest, which bank, you know, isn't it having problems.
And you would, you would consult, you know, periodicals or, you know,
reviews online, not online,
but you would find out where the banks were good and you would put your money in
that bank.
And now the banks would have to compete on reputation on
honesty. I'm not being aggressive. And they knew that if they,
if they made bad loans and they went bank and something happened,
nobody would bail them out. The government wouldn't bail them out.
Their depositors would lose money.
So we had a very sound banking system back then today
it's very unsound.
The banks are doing all sorts of reckless things with their deposits because no
one gives it down. Nobody cares what the bank does with their money.
Once they get deposited because the government guarantees the deposit,
one bank is just as good as another.
I'm just going to put whatever bank is closest to me, you know?
And so the government has polluted the entire system.
They've taken away all the checks and balances of a free market.
And now we have a banking system that is completely, you know, uh, reckless, uh,
it's all these banks that we bailed out in oh eight are going to fail again.
And they're going to need even bigger bailouts. We have, we have a very fragile,
uh, system, and now they say, well,
we can't let one of these banks fail because it's so big. Why is it so big?
Because the government insured their deposits and allowed them to get this big
and allowed them to have access to all this cheap money from the federal
reserve. I mean, we, we would have a vibrant, competitive banking system.
If the government got out of the way, we don't need the government to do that.
The banks are,
are much more reckless and much more corrupt now because of government.
Then when we had free market forces, reigning them in, I.
Had two more people saying what you're saying, why is.
This a controvert far? I mean, I'm not the only.
Free market guy out there. As I said,
if you have a Jorgensen to libertarian candidate, she'll say some of this stuff.
No. And you know,
I'm sure we could actually have a woman president if we vote for her.
Sure. I could find it. If I went looking for it, Peter, what I'm saying is why,
why is this not, you know, there's,
there's various discussions about how we should do things economically moving
forward, right? You hear it from a bunch of different experts.
I don't hear your perspective. Your perspective is very ruthless and honest.
And some people would say,
maybe you're not considering the people that really don't even have an
opportunity to get into this system and compete. There'll be held down.
There'll be put into this. I'm not.
I'm not being ruthless. So, no, I haven't been honest,
but I think I'm being fair and compassionate because I understand the damage
that is being done. I understand. And the name of these programs,
but the reason that you don't see more people like me in positions of power in
government is it's because it's hard for people like me to get a power position
in government, because we're not beholden to a special interest.
You have so many special interests that are feeding off the public trough,
right? There's so much corporate welfare in this country right now,
which is not capitalism.
And so they're not going to fund candidates that want to take away their
corporate welfare.
They want to fund candidates that are going to protect the status quo.
And the same thing with people. Look,
the has crippled so many people that they think they need a government crutch.
You know,
that's an old Harry Brown quote that he ran for a libertarian president.
He said, the government is great at crippling you.
And then handing you a crutch and saying, you see, without me, you could walk.
So, so many people have been crippled and they think they need that government
crutch. I don't want them to be crippled.
I want them to walk on their own right. To be free. You know, I wish,
you know, we, you know, we, we had the 4th of July just recently and you know,
we celebrate America and, you know, I talked, I on my old podcast, you know,
about what it means to be an American and people just don't appreciate what
truly America was all about. Right? It's about freedom.
It's about Liberty and individual opportunity.
It's about being left alone from government and being able to achieve all that
you can achieve without anybody standing in your way,
without anybody erecting a roadblock. And we created government in America,
government didn't create us. We, you know,
we didn't have a king that gave us some privileges.
We started off as free people.
And we see it as some of our sovereignty to a government to secure and protect
our rights. And that's it. And that's what made Americans, rugged individuals,
right? With OU who were not beholden or begging from government, right? They,
they, they, they took care of themselves and they took care of their neighbors.
If their neighbor neighbor really needed help, it wasn't about thief.
It wasn't about trying to get free stuff from the government. I mean,
look at all these kids now, what do they want?
Free this free healthcare free education, you know, all kinds of free stuff,
right? Free, you know, free housing, uh, free guaranteed jobs.
That's not what America was about. My, all of my grandparents, right?
All four of my grandparents came to this country, bro, barely spoke any English.
Right? Some of them were teenagers.
They came with nothing from poor countries and they came to America.
They had no welfare, no food stamps, no minimum wage. They didn't,
they didn't want anything from the government.
They came to America because they could be free of government.
They left the big governments that existed in Europe to have American freedom,
right. Because that's what it meant to be an American. And it was unique.
And we created the wealthiest society in the history of the world
because of the freedom that was uniquely American. Right.
So that's what we need to restore. That's our birthright right. Is, is, is,
is to be free, not to try to get the government,
to steal stuff from our neighbors because we think we're entitled to it. Okay.